hey this is Pam dinner thank you so much
for tuning in to b2b marketing and more
with me this is a place I want to help
you to become a better b2b marketer I
share my templates know how ideas
experience to help you to think
strategically to do your job better
hopefully by doing that you can get
promoted faster
so that's diving for today I want to
talk about a tool I found it kind of
interesting I made a change from buffer
to this tool called lately I want to
share with you why I like it and also
what is one thing they did that
impressed me I've been using buffer for
several years for social media
scheduling syndication and also checking
on the dashboard a friend of mine Lisa
told me about this tool lately and you
can check out me a website try lately
calm la te ly they have similar
functionality like buffer but they also
have one thing that was kind of unique
if you enter your blog post or any kind
of social link if you were content link
you will auto-generate
series of a post for you and then you
can pick your favorites and make changes
or edit some of the posts as you see fit
so basically it's an AI based tool that
will auto-generate your copywriting and
on top of that you can schedule the post
the way you wanted well you can use
their AI based tool that lady to
schedule your tool based on your
customer engagement history at the same
time I really like the dashboard in
their dashboard you can actually see the
performance of each social media channel
and also each post and they cruely that
with your website traffic why do we do
social media posting because we want to
drive the traffic to our website you can
see the results you were posting and the
crew like that with your website traffic
and then determine you know what is the
workflow that you want to follow Chris
bro the biz dev manager actually did a
demo to me and my team and he did a
great job
well I oh this is kind of interesting
we want to do a free trial and after the
free trial we actually purchased the
tool this is a typical kind of like SS
base buying behavior right you will
become aware of the tool and you signed
up or someone give you a demo you try
the products if you like it and you buy
very typical kind of cloud-based tool
purchasing behavior there's one thing
that Chris did that impressed the heck
out of me two weeks after I purchased
that tool and I got an email from him in
the email there is a video attached to
it I thought maybe the video is just a
typical standard you know tips and trick
video no Chris actually created that
video for me he went to my account and
to check if I'm using the tool not which
is good you want to see if your users
are using your tool if they do it's
actually great for future cross-selling
and upselling so he was checking on
staff he was like google good you are
using the tool and it looks like you got
a bunch of tweets a schedule and you are
using the tool correctly blah blah blah
provided some comments to me oh so he
shared with me some of the tips and
tricks from his perspective that might
be an interest for me that i can do my
job better I'm like that you know it's a
great follow up most of the time I buy
the SAS based tool I'm just one of the
fish right in the oceans and many
popular tools have millions of users and
you can't provide that kind of personal
services or attention unless you know
it's a strategic account and I am NOT a
strategic account well lately I can tell
you that but it's wonderful to actually
get that personalized attention from
Chris directly two weeks after the
purchase and that got me thinking how
can you provide that kind of
personalized service how do you scale it
to create a personalized video as a
follow-up I don't know if there's any
tools I can do that do you
if you know can you share with me I love
to give you credit and then share your
recommendation with
the people who are listening or watching
the video so that's it actually for
today I want to share with you this tool
you should check it out again I'm not
affiliated with lately I am using this
tools and our team really likes it at
the same time I really like the way they
follow up with your customers two weeks
or three weeks after we use the tool
what a great post customer service that
they provide to make me feel good and
especially if you like the content
please subscribe love to hear from you
and also provide comments as you see fit
if you have any specific questions you
can also reach out to me Pam
at p.m. dinner calm and I will see you
next week okay thanks a lot